Update landing page (#146)
PrefectHQ/prefect-gcp: docs/index.md

# replace this PLACEHOLDER dict with your own service account info
service_account_info = {
  "type": "service_account",
  "project_id": "PROJECT_ID",
  "private_key_id": "KEY_ID",
  "private_key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----\nPRIVATE_KEY\n-----END PRIVATE KEY-----\n",
  "client_email": "SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL",
  "client_id": "CLIENT_ID",
  "auth_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth",
  "token_uri": "https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/token",
  "auth_provider_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs",
  "client_x509_cert_url": "https://www.googleapis.com/robot/v1/metadata/x509/SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL"
}

GcpCredentials(
    service_account_info=service_account_info
).save("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")
```

Congrats! You can now easily load the saved block, which holds your credentials:

```python
from prefect_gcp import GcpCredentials
GcpCredentials.load("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")
```

!!! info "Registering blocks"

    Register blocks in this module to
    [view and edit them](https://docs.prefect.io/ui/blocks/)
    on Prefect Cloud:

    ```bash
    prefect block register -m prefect_gcp
    ```

### Using Prefect with Google Cloud Run

> `prefect_gcp` allows you to interact with Google Cloud Run with Prefect flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prefect_gcp` allows you to run your Prefect flows on the on-demand infrastructure of Google Cloud Run.
```

> The snippets below show how you can use `prefect_gcp` to run a job on Cloud Run. It uses the `CloudRunJob` block as [Prefect infrastructure](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/infrastructure/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snippet below show how you can use `prefect_gcp` to run scheduled flows for deployments on Cloud Run. It uses the `CloudRunJob` block as [infrastructure for the flow run](https://docs.prefect.io/concepts/infrastructure/).
```

#### Within Flow

You can execute commands through Cloud Run Job directly within a Prefect flow.

```python
from prefect import flow
from prefect_gcp import GcpCredentials
from prefect_gcp.cloud_run import CloudRunJob

@flow
def cloud_run_job_flow():
    cloud_run_job = CloudRunJob(
        image="us-docker.pkg.dev/cloudrun/container/job:latest",
        credentials=GcpCredentials.load("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER"),
        region="us-central1",
        command=["echo", "Hello, Prefect!"],
    )
    return cloud_run_job.run()

> ```

Author: Okay, maybe i can move this after the infra demonstration as an info box?

#### As Infrastructure

> You can also use Cloud Run Jobs as infrastructure to execute your deployed flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a simple walkthrough for how to use Google Cloud Run as infrastructure for a deployment.
```

docker build -t us-docker.pkg.dev/${GCP_PROJECT_ID}/test-example-repository/prefect-gcp:2-python3.11 .
docker push us-docker.pkg.dev/${GCP_PROJECT_ID}/test-example-repository/prefect-gcp:2-python3.11
```

##### Save an infrastructure and storage block

Save a custom infrastructure and storage block by executing the following snippet.

```python
import os
from prefect_gcp import GcpCredentials, CloudRunJob, GcsBucket

gcp_credentials = GcpCredentials.load(os.environ["CREDENTIALS_BLOCK_NAME"])

# must be from GCR and have Python + Prefect
image = f"us-docker.pkg.dev/{os.environ['GCP_PROJECT_ID']}/test-example-repository/prefect-gcp:2-python3.11"  # noqa

cloud_run_job = CloudRunJob(
    image=image,
    credentials=gcp_credentials,
    region=os.environ["CLOUD_RUN_JOB_REGION"],
)
cloud_run_job.save(os.environ["CLOUD_RUN_JOB_BLOCK_NAME"], overwrite=True)

bucket_name = "cloud-run-job-bucket"
cloud_storage_client = gcp_credentials.get_cloud_storage_client()
cloud_storage_client.create_bucket(bucket_name)
gcs_bucket = GcsBucket(
    bucket=bucket_name,
    gcp_credentials=gcp_credentials,
)
gcs_bucket.save(os.environ["GCS_BUCKET_BLOCK_NAME"], overwrite=True)
```

##### Write a flow

> Then, find an existing flow or define an arbitrary one to test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, use an existing flow to create a deployment with, or use the flow below if you don't have an existing flow handy.
```

```python
from prefect import flow

@flow(log_prints=True)
def cloud_run_job_flow():
    print("Hello, Prefect!")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    cloud_run_job_flow()
```

##### Create a deployment

> If the script was named "cloud_run_job_script.py", build the deployment with the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the script was named "cloud_run_job_script.py", build a deployment manifest with the following command.
```

```bash
prefect deployment build cloud_run_job_script.py:cloud_run_job_flow \
    -n cloud-run-deployment \
    -ib cloud-run-job/${CLOUD_RUN_JOB_BLOCK_NAME} \
    -sb gcs-bucket/${GCS_BUCKET_BLOCK_NAME}
```

> Make any necessary changes to the YAML, if needed, and apply the deployment.

Reviewer: If we're going to suggest changes to deployment manifest, we should have specific examples.
```suggestion
Now apply the deployment!
```

```bash
prefect deployment apply cloud_run_job_flow-deployment.yaml
```

##### Test the deployment

> Start up an agent in a separate terminal if you haven't already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start up an agent in a separate terminal. The agent will poll the Prefect API for scheduled flow runs that are ready to run.
```

    gcp_credentials = GcpCredentials.load("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")

    client = gcp_credentials.get_bigquery_client()
    client.create_dataset("test_example", exists_ok=True)

    with BigQueryWarehouse(gcp_credentials=gcp_credentials) as warehouse:
        warehouse.execute(
            "CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS test_example.customers (name STRING, address STRING);"
        )
        warehouse.execute_many(
            "INSERT INTO test_example.customers (name, address) VALUES (%(name)s, %(address)s);",
            seq_of_parameters=[
                {"name": "Marvin", "address": "Highway 42"},
                {"name": "Ford", "address": "Highway 42"},
                {"name": "Unknown", "address": "Highway 42"},
            ],
        )
        while True:
            # Repeated fetch* calls using the same operation will
            # skip re-executing and instead return the next set of results
            new_rows = warehouse.fetch_many("SELECT * FROM test_example.customers", size=2)
            if len(new_rows) == 0:
                break
            all_rows.extend(new_rows)
    return all_rows

bigquery_flow()
```

### Using Prefect with Google Cloud Storage

> `prefect_gcp` allows you to interact with Google Cloud Storage within your Prefect flows. Be sure to additionally [install](#installation) the Cloud Storage extra!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prefect_gcp` allows you to read and write objects with Google Cloud Storage within your Prefect flows. Be sure to additionally [install](#installation) `prefect-gcp1 with the Cloud Storage extra!
```

> `prefect_gcp` allows you to read and write objects with Google Cloud Storage within your Prefect flows. Be sure to additionally [install](#installation) `prefect-gcp1 with the Cloud Storage extra!

Author: ```suggestion
`prefect_gcp` allows you to read and write objects with Google Cloud Storage within your Prefect flows. Be sure to additionally [install](#installation) `prefect-gcp` with the Cloud Storage extra!
```

The provided code snippet shows how you can use `prefect_gcp` to upload a file to a Google Cloud Storage bucket and download the same file under a different file name.

```python
from pathlib import Path
from prefect import flow
from prefect_gcp import GcpCredentials, GcsBucket

@flow
def cloud_storage_flow():
    # create a dummy file to upload
    file_path = Path("test-example.txt")
    file_path.write_text("Hello, Prefect!")

    gcp_credentials = GcpCredentials.load("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")
    gcs_bucket = GcsBucket(
        bucket="BUCKET-NAME-PLACEHOLDER",
        gcp_credentials=gcp_credentials
    )

    gcs_bucket_path = gcs_bucket.upload_from_path(file_path)
    downloaded_file_path = gcs_bucket.download_object_to_path(
        gcs_bucket_path, "downloaded-test-example.txt"
    )
    return downloaded_file_path.read_text()

cloud_storage_flow()
```

### Using Prefect with Google Secret Manager

> `prefect_gcp` allows you to interact with Google Secret Manager within your Prefect flows. Be sure to additionally [install](#installation) the Secret Manager extra!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`prefect_gcp` allows you to read and write secrets with Google Secret Manager within your Prefect flows. Be sure to [install] `prefect-gcp` (#installation) with the Secret Manager extra!
```

The provided code snippet shows how you can use `prefect_gcp` to write a secret to the Secret Manager, read the secret data, delete the secret, and finally return the secret data.

```python
from prefect import flow
from prefect_gcp import GcpCredentials, GcpSecret

@flow
def secret_manager_flow():
    gcp_credentials = GcpCredentials.load("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")
    gcp_secret = GcpSecret(secret_name="test-example", gcp_credentials=gcp_credentials)
    gcp_secret.write_secret(secret_data=b"Hello, Prefect!")
    secret_data = gcp_secret.read_secret()
    gcp_secret.delete_secret()
    return secret_data

secret_manager_flow()
```

### Accessing Google credentials or clients from GcpCredentials

In the case that `prefect-gcp` is missing a feature, feel free to [submit an issue](#feedback).

> In the meantime, you may want to access the underlying Google credentials or clients, which `prefect-gcp` exposes straightforwardly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the meantime, you may want to access the underlying Google credentials or clients, which `prefect-gcp` exposes via the `GcpCredentials` block.
```
